Oh shoot! I completely forgot about my homework!
Hey man did you finish the homework?
I played games for a little bit too long, so no.
Dang, that's rough.
Remember class, you've gotta study because you have your final exam coming up next Wednesday.
Oh hey, what are you doing?
Oh, it's this brand new app I downloaded called Melon. It helps me keep track of all my tasks
and organize them so I don't procrastinate.
That actually sounds pretty good. I should try that.
Hmm, procrastinated tasks. I mean I have put off calling my mom for a while so I'll do that one.
And I should really exercise some more.  Oh that's on here.
Oh yeah, I have that final exam next week too.
Melon also offers a task planning feature to help users break down large, hard to approach
tasks into several smaller steps so that they're easier to work on.
Study for OS final.
Let's see, next Wednesday the 13th.
I should probably make a plan for this because "studying" is kind of vague.
Oh, they already have one for studying? I guess I'll use that then.
Awesome! I just finished going over my notes, so I can take that one off of the list.
Oh, it looks like I made enough progress. I guess I can just do the rest tomorrow then.
Is there anything else that I had to do? Oh, I guess I should call my mom then.
Hi mom. I'm doing great.
Yeah, I feel like I'm actually getting stuff done lately.